## Quotex Islamic Account

Quotex is one of the best Islamic trading platforms accepting traders
from all over the world, and its trading platform is SWAP-FREE. The
traders can enjoy interest-free trading or swap while trading on this
platform. Hence the traders consider Quotex to be Halal.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

The most important question asked by the traders belonging to the
Islamic faith is whether Quotex is Halal or Haram. We will cover every
aspect of the trading platform concerning Islamic trading principles,
and if Quotex is halal or haram.

## Quotex Account Types

-   Standard Account: This is the most basic account type offered by
    Quotex. It is ideal for beginners or those who just want to try out
    the platform. The minimum deposit required to open a Standard
    Account is only \$10.
-   Pro Account: This account type is designed for more serious traders
    who have a bigger investment budget and require more advanced
    features. The minimum deposit required to open a Pro Account is
    \$1000.
-   VIP Account: The VIP Account is the premium account type offered by
    Quotex. This account type is designed for professional traders or
    high-net-worth individuals who demand the best trading conditions
    and services. The minimum deposit required to open a VIP Account is
    \$5000.

### Quotex Demo Account

The Quotex demo account offers a range of features designed to give
users a realistic trading experience without any financial risks. In
this practice environment, users can explore the platform's interface,
gain familiarity with its tools and operations, and test their trading
strategies with virtual funds. The demo account mirrors the real trading
conditions, providing real-time price movements for various assets such
as stocks, commodities, indices, and forex.

### Quotex Islamic Account

The Quotex Islamic Account offers a host of features, specifically
designed to adhere to the principles of Sharia law or a Sharia-compliant
trading platform, which prohibits earning or interest-free trading. The
account is characterized by a swap-free trading environment, eliminating
the accrual of interest on positions held overnight. This makes it
ideally suited for Muslim traders who wish to trade following their
religious beliefs. Furthermore, Quotex also provides an Islamic Demo
Account. This enables potential users to familiarize themselves with the
platform's features and functions without violating any Islamic laws of
financial transactions. This demo account replicates the live trading
environment but uses virtual money, allowing traders to gain experience
and build confidence before transitioning to real-world trading.

## Quotex Tradeable Assets

-   Commodity CFDs
-   Forex
-   Indices
-   Cryptocurrencies
-   Stocks and Shares
-   Binary Options
-   ETFs
-   Metals
-   Energies

## Trading Platforms

The Quotex Trading Platform offers a range of desirable features to
enhance the trading experience. It boasts a user-friendly interface that
simplifies navigation for both newbies and experienced traders. The
platform enables trading across a diverse array of assets such as
cryptocurrencies, commodities, indices, and forex. To boost users'
understanding of trading, Quotex provides an array of educational
resources that cover trading strategies, market analysis, and risk
management. The real-time charts offered on the platform aid traders in
making informed decisions based on current market trends. For novice
traders, Quotex offers a demo account where users can hone their trading
strategies without risking actual money. The Quotex halal trading
platform is also equipped with advanced security protocols to ensure
secure transactions. In case of any inquiries or issues, users can rely
on Quotex's 24/7 customer support for assistance.

### Mobile App

The Quotex mobile app offers a range of features designed to enhance the
trading experience for its users. Its high level of accessibility allows
users to trade at their convenience, no matter where they are. With
real-time notifications, users are kept informed about market trends and
potential trading opportunities. The app replicates the full
functionality of the web platform, offering real-time charts, a wide
variety of assets, and numerous educational resources to help users make
informed trading decisions. Security is a priority, with secure login
options such as fingerprint recognition and face ID. The user-friendly
design and quick execution of trades make it easy to navigate and timely
in seizing trading opportunities. Additionally,

